Update README.md (#222)
unosquare/embedio: README.md

[EmbedIO.LiteLibWebApi](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EmbedIO.LiteLibWebApi/) | Unosquare | Allow to expose a sqlite database as REST api using EmbedIO WebApi and LiteLib libraries
[EmbedIO.OWIN](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EmbedIO.OWIN/) | Unosquare | EmbedIO can use the OWIN platform in two different approach: You can use EmbedIO as OWIN server and use all OWIN framework with EmbedIO modules.
[Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.EmbedIO](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.EmbedIO/) | Dju  | EmbedIO web server support for ASP.NET Core, as a drop-in replacement for Kestrel

## Special Thanks

> ![YourKit](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [![YourKit](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)](https://www.yourkit.com)
```

> To YourKit for providing us open source license to use [YourKit .NET Profiler](https://www.yourkit.com/.net/profiler/), an amazing tool to profile CPU and Memory!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To YourKit for supports open source projects with its full-featured [.NET Profiler](https://www.yourkit.com/.net/profiler/), an amazing tool to profile CPU and Memory!
```
